Do you Think about that, I want my Wired/Wireless Internet Connection which I get form My ISP is also available on my mobile, 
means the Connection You Get form Your ISP is used at your Home, College, Offices etc. but you can’t use this type of connection
outside of that places, otherwise you have to do extra recharge for your mobile phone/tab. 
 So, to avoid this type of Difficulty I Have an Idea, let’s see,
Think that you have an internet connection and you have the Modem at your home and you are using internet on your mobile or
your PC via LAN. And when you go outside the home then you have to enable the Mobile Data and use the internet as per your 
recharged plan on that Operator. 
So, I think that it is too Lengthy and High Cost in my way to see, to Solve this issue we have to cooperate with yourself, 
Make a device like as WIFI Modem, use of it is that, it provide us a Wi-Fi when we are at home or around the network area of 
that device, and when we are not in the area of that device that time we connect to network via our Mobile Sim Card/Network. 
What is difference in this comparing with Wi-Fi?
See, this device helps us to connect network with the full speed as we previously get from Wi-Fi, but now we are using our ISP’s 
Internet Not from Mobile Internet, means we connected to our one plan of internet while we are at home or outside of home. when 
we are outside of device network are means outside of home that time we using our same plan via our mobile instead of using Wi-Fi,
so now see that why user get our device. (I am discussing a short idea here because I don’t know some things, I have to learn that,
but before any other will invent this idea plzz see carefully in this Idea)
Commonly a normal user will recharge to mobile or ISP’s Internet Plan but not both. Some who having more money they preferred to 
recharge both of ISP and Mobile Network. But in India Total Average of Internet Users is 460 million internet users (34.8%) (Reference)
till Jan 2019. 
In this number the people who not using internet are 65.2 %, means this people are not going to use internet. Because of price of 
internet, or not network coverage and one thing is that not want to recharge both mobile Network and ISP’s Network.
